Q1. An SCP is applied at the top level in your AWS Organizations to restrict the creation of "m5.8xlarge" EC2 instances. When Laura logged in to the Management account as the root user, they were able to create such an EC2 instance. What is the reason?

Ans: because they created the instance in the Management account.
SCPs do not affect the Management account, hence they are not applicable to any identity in that account.

Q2. While creating OU, Steve made a mistake and specified an incorrect name. What are the possible issues with this?

Ans: There are no issues.
"OU name" is more like a label that can be edited. "OU id" is the unique identifier.

Q3. A Business Unit Leader wants to see the cost reports for their 12 AWS accounts in one place. What's the easiest way to facilitate this?

Ans: The person should use AWS Cost Explorer from the Management account.
This is the easiest method to access cost reports of all the AWS accounts from a central portal.

Q4. There are multiple types of resources created for a particular application in an AWS account. The team wants to apply a project-number tag on all of these resources. What is the easiest way to achieve this?

Ans: Use the Tag Editor feature of AWS.
ag Editor is an in-built feature of AWS that allows you to apply tags on multiple resource types in one shot.

Q5. Dennis currently has access to 7 AWS accounts. Dennis recently moved from their current team to another team where AWS access is not required anymore. What is technically required to ensure Dennis' access is revoked from all the AWS accounts?

Ans: Ensure that Dennis is removed all the AD groups, that are used in AWS SSO to allocate permissions in various AWS accounts.
Removing the user from the AD group automatically removes their AWS access. In AWS SSO, we should always follow the best practice of allocating permissions to groups and not individual users.

Q6. A third party vendor facilitating on-premises to cloud migration at your org, wants to have access to Transit Gateway to debug any connectivity scenarios. What is the best way to handle this?

Ans: Give them "viewonly" permissions in the Shared Services Account.
Right approach. Any change on Transit Gateway should be executed only by the Central Cloud team, as it could affect the connectivity for all the accounts.

Q7. Jayden from Information Security team asks for elevated access in the Management Account as they want to manage the GuardDuty Service for all the accounts in the Organization. What is the right approach to handle this?

Ans: Make the Security Tooling Account as delegated administrator for GuardDuty service, and let them manage it from that account.
This is the correct approach. It allows Jayden to manage the service fully, and they can also use some of the related services like S3 etc. in the Security Tooling account.

Q8. Which of these is not a mandatory AWS account that should be created initially in the Landing Zone?
Security Tooling Account, Log Archive Account or Sandbox Account
Ans: Sandbox Account
Sandbox accounts are generally used to experiment with new things. These have lesser restrictions than other AWS accounts in the Organization. This can be skipped during initial Landing Zone creation. No functionality gets affected.

Q9. What is the right time to set up MFA for the root user?

Ans immediately after creation of a new AWS account
Setting up MFA should be the first task right after creation of a new AWS account.

Q10. What is the default retention period for logs in the Log Archive Account?

Ans: forever
Logs are generally stored in S3 buckets in Log Archive Account, and by default they are retained forever. The is no expiration period, unless you configure S3 lifecycle policies.

Q11. What is the disadvantage of hosting multiple environments of an application in the same AWS account?

Ans: IAM issue
Granular IAM access cannot be achieved in many scenarios.

